---
title: "NEHWS 2023 Program"
layout: textlay
excerpt: "Speakers"
sitemap: false
permalink: /speakers/
---

## Kevin Fu
Northeastern University

**Talk title: Wicked Bizarre Semiconductor Physics of Sensor Security**

![](../images/kevin-fu.jpg){: style="width: 400px; float: left;
margin: 5px"} **Bio:** Kevin Fu is Professor of Electrical and
Computer Engineering in the College of Engineering and the Khoury
College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University, where he
directs the Archimedes Center for Health Care and Medical Device
Cybersecurity. Fu previously served as the nation's inaugural Acting
Director of Medical Device Cybersecurity at U.S. FDA’s Center for
Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) and Program Director for
Cybersecurity at the Digital Health Center of Excellence (DHCoE). His
research vision is a world where science-based security is built-in by
design to all embedded systems: medical devices, healthcare delivery,
autonomous transportation, manufacturing, and the Internet of
Things. His research lab focuses on analog cybersecurity—how to model
and defend against threats to the physics of computation and
sensing. Fu is most known for his security research on cryptographic
and low-power inventions to defend against vulnerabilities in an
implantable cardiac defibrillator. His research led to a decade of
revolutionary improvements at medical device manufacturers, global
regulators, and international healthcare safety standards
bodies. Security solutions resulting from this research foresaw the
risks of malicious software affecting hospitals a decade before
ransomware began to disrupt clinical workflow worldwide.

Fu has been recognized as an ACM Fellow, IEEE Fellow, Sloan Research
Fellow, and MIT Technology Review TR35 Innovator of the Year. He is a
recipient of a Feb100 Award and NSF CAREER Award. He received best
paper awards from USENIX Security, IEEE Security & Privacy, and ACM
SIGCOMM. His research on pacemaker security received an IEEE Security
& Privacy Test of Time Award. He co-founded healthcare cybersecurity
startup Virta Labs. Fu has testified in the House and Senate and was
commissioned by the National Academy of Medicine for a report on
trustworthy medical device software. He serves as a member of the
Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI)
Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology Editorial Board, the ACM
Committee on Computers and Public Policy, and the USENIX Security
Steering Committee. He chairs the USENIX Security Test of Time Awards
Selection Committee. He chaired the USENIX Security PC and served as
the inaugural co-chair of the AAMI cybersecurity working group to
create the first FDA-recognized consensus standards to improve the
security of medical device manufacturing. He founded the Archimedes
Center for Healthcare and Device Security, and co-founded the
N95decon.org team for emergency reuse decontamination of N95 masks
during pandemic shortages. Fu served as a member of the U.S. NIST
Information Security and Privacy Advisory Board and federal science
advisory groups. Fu received his BS, MEng, and PhD from MIT. He earned
a certificate of artisanal bread making from the French Culinary
Institute, builds wood-fired brick ovens, and enjoys woodworking.

## Ran Canetti
Boston University

**Talk title: TBD**

![](../images/ran-canetti.jpg){: style="width: 200px; float: left;
margin: 5px"} **Bio:** Ran Canetti is a professor of Computer Science
at Boston University and the director of the center for Reliable
Information System and Cyber Security. He is also a Fellow of the
International Association for Cryptologic Research and an associate
editor of the Journal of Cryptology and Information and
Computation. Canetti graduated from the Weizmann Institute of Science,
was a researcher at IBM Watson Research Center, a research scientist
at MIT and a professor at Tel Aviv University. Canetti’s research
interests span multiple aspects of cryptography and information
security, with emphasis on the design, analysis and use of
cryptographic protocols.

<BR>
<BR>
<BR>
<BR>
<BR>
<BR>

## Lei Poo
Analog Devices Inc

![](../images/lei-poo.jpg){: style="width: 200px; float: left; margin:
5px"} **Bio:** Lei Poo is Director of Systems Architecture and part of
the Systems Engineering team working on the Wireless Battery
Monitoring System (wBMS) Product line in the E-Mobility Group under
the Automotive Electrification Business Unit in Analog Devices
Incorporated. Prior to joining ADI in 2017, Lei has worked as an
embedded systems and security architect for different market segments
including Smartcard/Smartphones, Set-top boxes, and Secure Disk Drives
at different semiconductor companies including NXP, Broadcom and
Marvell since 2005. Her experience in secure product certifications
spans FIPS 140-2, NIST CAVP, EMVco, Common Criteria and more recently,
ISO21434 (Automotive Cybersecurity). Lei received a PhD in Electrical
Engineering from Stanford University (2005) and holds 22 US patents in
the areas of HW embedded security and algorithms. She is a mom of 2,
loves outdoor activities like skiing, but is absolutely afraid of the
cold!




